government are saying it's going to
cause massive growth nobody believes
that I'd be surprised if even the
government believes that you know if
giving money to the rich caused massive
growth then we would be a [__] rich
country because we would be growing to
the Moon because we've given so much
money for the rich in the last three
years and has it caused a booming
economy it looks to me like it scores a
disastrous economy and I think
I don't know where the list Trust
and quasi-quarting believe it but nobody
I don't think anybody serious believes
it um
so they're looking at them government
they say okay well you're boring you
want to borrow all this money
to give it to the rich your economy is
not going to grow so how are you going
to pay it back
um historically you know in times when
governments have borrowed huge amounts
of money like for example the the world
awards first of all Second World War uh
the way that they've paid it back is
essentially to inflation so it's a bit
complicated but you know
if we have huge amounts of inflation
then all the prices go up the debt stays
the same size it becomes easy to pay
back